do you struggle to come up with what to
post is your biggest hurdle for staying
consistent on Instagram simply coming up
with the posts or even having the time
to create them every single day well if
so let your fears be no more because in
today's episode of build your tribe I'm
going to be sharing with you seven easy
Instagram real ideas that will take you
less than 5 minutes to create and that
are very easy to make on a daily basis
even if you have limited supplies or
limited time you aren't going to need a
fancy microphone you're not going to
need a degree in communication you're
not going to need a fancy tripod or a
ring light or anything like that in fact
a few of the post ideas that I'm about
to share with you could be easily
created using just the videos that you
already have in your phone without
having to go out and record any new
content so buckle up don't forget to
subscribe if you want more content just
like this and let's hop into the
ideas but before we do let's L some
groundwork as to why this even matters
because maybe there's this voice in your
head that's saying should you even keep
posting is Instagram dead how much
should you be posting on Instagram
according to numerous studies and
Instagram's CEO himself the more you
post the more you grow what that means
is as long as you can maintain a
consistent level of quality with your
reals if you dial up the quantity or the
frequency in which you're posting then
you are also going to dial up the amount
of growth that you have on Instagram now
does that mean that you need to be
posting three four times a day on
Instagram heck no instead what I
recommend is figuring out what you can
sustain we all have different goals we
all have different amounts of
availability some of us have teams some
of us do not some of us are in a season
of life that's very challenging and
demanding some of us are in a season of
life where you have a little bit of
extra time on your hands to create more
content based off all those things I
want you to figure out what you can
sustain and I don't want you to compare
that to anyone else whether that's one
post a week or one post a day or one
post an hour figure out what works for
you you and then here's the key part I
want you to challenge yourself to do a
little bit more to scale up that number
just a little bit maybe if you can
consistently post five days a week maybe
you're going to scale up to every single
day seven days a week but I want you to
do that without necessarily having to
create more work for yourself the
purpose of build your tribe and one of
our founding principles is not hustle
culture and spending all day on your
phone or all day working and grinding
and hustling there's plenty of good that
can come out of hustling and grinding
and working hard I'm a big fan of
working hard but I want you to be able
to post more show up more regularly more
consistently on Instagram or on whatever
social media you choose without having
to spend more time on your phone more
time away from your family or away from
doing what you love if you truly love
creating content then great create a ton
of it but for most of us we're creating
content to grow an audience or to grow a
personal brand or to grow a business so
that we can then leverage that following
leverage that audience in order to grow
said brand or business from a monetary
perspective and so I want to make it
easy for you I want you to put in place
systems and strategies so that you can
easily create more content or even just
post more content without having to work
harder or work more and that's why today
I'm going to share with you these seven
different ideas that should hopefully be
very easy and quick for you to create
and not require you to spend a lot more
time energy or effort creating said
content I also want to say that kind of
a bonus idea before we even get into
these seven is reposting things that you
have already posted in the past we like
to call this strategy upcycling your
content and we typically see that when
you are upcycling your best content from
the past you're going to get more views
more engagement and more growth without
having to work even one additional
minute specifically here's what I
recommend doing open up your Instagram
insights and sort your posts and or your
reals by whichever posts did the best
now did the best is going to be
different for everyone it's going to be
subjective to you right maybe for you a
post that did really well got a 100
likes and 10 comments and it got a
thousand views maybe for someone else
that would be mind-blowingly awesome and
maybe for a third person that would be
like their worst post of the month so I
want you to just figure out what did
best for you and specifically the metric
or kind of Engagement that I want you to
look at is not the three that I just
listed I don't want you to really care
about how many views something got how
many likes or how many comments it
received instead I want you to pay most
closely attention to the number of
shares that the post received so again
you're going to go into your Instagram
insights and you're going to sort your
posts by those that receed the most
shares I want you to specifically find a
post that is 3 months old or older so if
you have posted it 90 days plus ago 91
92 so on and so forth ago those are the
posts we're looking for we're looking
for posts that are not recently posted
right they're at least a few months old
and they got a high amount of shares
those are the kinds of posts that you're
going to repost you're going to post
them again hopefully you already have
them saved in your camera roll or even
backed up in some sort of cloud-based
storage like Google drive or Dropbox you
can easily grab that content and post it
again or if you don't if you don't have
that backed up number one I'm going to
say definitely start backing up and
saving all of your content number two
use a website such as snap
instaa it is a website not an app use
that website to download your real or
your post or your Carousel or whatever
it was so you can post it again when you
post it again you don't need to Archive
the old one you don't need to go back
and delete the original you also don't
need to note that it was a repost you
don't need to tell your followers like
hey guys this was a repost they probably
don't remember the vast majority of
people who saw it the first time are
probably not going to remember that they
saw it and the people who do remember
seeing it 3 months ago despite seeing
millions of posts between then and now
they're probably only remembering that
post because it was that good right so
they don't need um an excuse they don't
need to be told oh ex you know I'm so
sorry guys this is a repost no no no
just post it again most people won't
remember it and the few who do will love
to see it again they'll appreciate
seeing this post again so I recommend
doing that that's a great way to post
more without necessarily having to
create more or spend very much more time
uh you know working on your social media
so that's kind of like a bonus tip
before we get into the seven but to
bring this all the way back to the
overarching strategy that I was talking
about the more you post the more you
grow it is statistically accurate to say
that as long as the level of quality is
not diminishing and you increase the
quantity you also increase the growth
you are on top of mind you are showing
up in people's feeds more often even if
your engagement or your views aren't
necessarily increasing your following
often is increasing so with all of that
being said let's talk about some ways
that you can actually increase how much
you're posting by me sharing with you
seven easy Instagram real ideas that
will take you five minutes or less to
create so that you can post more without
having to be on your phone on Instagram
all day idea number one is going to be
super duper simple and it's going to
actually be very similar to what we were
just doing where we were looking at our
Instagram insights I want you to pull up
your Instagram insights but specifically
I want you to look at your insights for
your Instagram stories so that way
you're not looking at feed posts you're
not looking at any reals or carousels
that you've previously posted instead
you're just going to be looking at your
Instagram stories then I want you to
sort the stories either by shares or by
views best would be to sort it by shares
but not always are you going to be
getting a lot of shares on stories so
maybe you don't have any stories that
have any shares or maybe you just have a
couple of stories that have a couple of
shares in the last few months and so
it's not really a big enough sample size
to look at so in that case it might be
helpful for you to just sort your
stories based off of views then I want
you to pick out one of those stories
that did well in terms of views or
shares and post it as a real maybe it
was a video of you talking directly to
camera maybe it was just a text post
story maybe it was just a photo that you
posted that was related to your Niche
that's the key as long as that story is
related to your Niche if it did well as
a story you might as well turn it into a
post the number of times that I've gone
off on a rant on my Instagram stories
got a lot of people replying to that
story and sharing that story and then
turn that into a real is more than I can
count numerous times I've posted an
Instagram story with maybe a lot of text
or maybe I'm talking directly to camera
and sharing some tip and a lot of people
have interacted with it a lot of people
have viewed it and shared it and so that
is a clear indicator a clear sign that
this is a great Instagram story and a
piece of content that people really want
to see so either go back in your camp
camera rooll to the date that you posted
that story or in your Instagram stories
archive go back to that date find that
story and either just take a screenshot
of it save it to your camera roll or
recreate that story as a real it should
be a very easy way for you to create
content without having to come up with a
new idea or even in many cases having to
create a new post idea number two is
actually the kind of post that according
to a recent study of over, 1500 social
media managers is the kind of post that
provides the greatest return on
investment the greatest amount of
Engagement divided by the amount of time
it takes to make this post and that is
meme style posts humor and relatable
memes are one of the most engaging and
most highly shared kinds of posts on all
of social media and on Instagram it's
very very very easy to create meme style
reals the simplest way that I would
recommend doing this is going into cap
cut creating a cap cut account it is a
separate application and going to their
templates section within their templates
section you're going to find hundreds
upon thousands of basically video-based
memes oftentimes it's going to be little
five to 10 second clips of famous lines
from movies or funny dialogue from a TV
show these are things that are very
popular very widely used on Tik Tok and
on Instagram and it's just super easy to
create usually all you have to do is
upload whatever photo or video you want
to be in the background and then cap cut
will automatically add the cutout of
something like will Ferell from a movie
or you know such and such supermodel
from some TV show and she's talking to
the camera they'll add that on top of
your photo or video and then all you
have to do is add some text to relate
the dialogue or the sound bite relate
the meme to your Niche and you're good
to go you're good to post it on
Instagram it's very very sharew worthy
like I said in fact memes are some of
the most sharew worthy content on all of
Instagram and it will take you like five
minutes to create you could make a dozen
of these and space them out over the
course of a month in just a few minutes
while you're laying in bed without any
makeup or hair or anything done you
don't ever have to put your face on
camera and yet you're creating highly
engaging content that you can use for
weeks or months ahead idea number three
for an Instagram reel that you could
create in just a few minutes very very
easily with the content that you already
have in your phone is before and after
style reals pretty much no matter what
industry you're in there has likely been
some sort of transformation that has
happened for you or maybe it's happened
for one of your clients in the fitness
industry that's probably the easiest
example you can think of maybe you've
lost weight or you've put on muscle or
maybe you've improved uh your mile time
if you're a runner maybe if you are an
artist you can show what your art looked
like 10 years ago versus what it looks
like today maybe if you are someone who
is a social media strategist like myself
you can show how many followers you used
to have versus how many followers you
have today or what your content looked
like in the past versus what it looked
like today maybe if you're someone who
does food you can show like what one of
your recipes or one of your um final
products looked like a few years ago
versus what it looks like today and all
you have to do for this is quite simply
go to your camera roll and scroll back
to the past hopefully you haven't
deleted all of those old videos and old
photos but even if you have I guess you
could even just scroll back down through
your Instagram and find some old posts
hopefully those are still up documenting
what it was like for you even just a few
years ago take one of those as well as a
recent photo or take a recent photo or
video to show the transformation and
show the change and people love these
style of reals they're super authentic
and personable because you're showing
not just the highlights you're showing
you know the past when you maybe weren't
as great at doing what you do now so it
very much humanizes your content and
allows people to connect with you maybe
even if they look up to you as someone
who they want to be like one day they're
able to see that hey you started just
like where they were I do these style
reels all the time whether it's an old
YouTube video that I posted when I was
you know 10 years old and I'm comparing
that to a YouTube video today that I'm
posting when I'm 27 or maybe I'm showing
a clip of my first time talking on stage
or the first real that I ever posted to
show people a before and after it's a
great transformation re and it helps
increase one of the forms of Engagement
that Instagram cares about the most
which is watch time because because when
people know that there's an
transformation coming or an after coming
they want to stick around to watch for
it they see the before they see the
beginning and they want to see how do
things change seeing that change over
time and so people will stick around and
that increases their watch time which
makes the algorithm think that this real
is better than the rest and then it
helps that real get even more views
speaking of a transformation over time
another really cool way to show a
transformation in a short amount of time
maybe shorter than you know five to 10
years is what's called a time-lapse
video pretty much every smartphone now
has a mode that you can switch to called
time-lapse mode and essentially this
will just take a short little photo or a
short video every few seconds or every
few minutes and it will play it super
sped up so if you've ever watched like a
video of the sun setting super quickly
and you can see like all the clouds
moving or if you've ever seen like all
the cars on the highway going like a
million miles in both directions and
it's all sped up that's what a
time-lapse video is time-lapse videos
can also be used to record our
day-to-day life in fact right now while
I'm recording this podcast my phone is
sitting over there recording a time
lapse of this entire podcast that way I
can use that and post it as a real I can
very easily add some background audio
maybe write some text on the screen that
relates the video to whatever it is I'm
talking about a lesson an inspirational
reminder a quote something like that but
it's content that I don't have to
intentionally make right I'm not
speaking to the camera I'm not recording
and stopping and starting it's very easy
it's lowess content it's content that
I'm kind of multitasking with right I am
recording content in terms of this
podcast I'm talking to you directly to
the camera but I also have uh recording
over there a time lapse going so that
when I'm done recording this podcast I
don't just have the podcast done I also
have this time lapse done which I can
then use for an Instagram real so maybe
you already have some time lapse
recorded in your ca roll if not this is
a great reminder to set a reminder for
yourself so that every couple days you
record a time-lapse video even if it's
just a timlapse of you you know writing
on your computer you know typing at your
desk or maybe cooking in the kitchen or
cleaning up your living room or maybe
like out working out or something just
record some time- lapse videos and it
kind of uses that uh change overtime
aspect like the before and after videos
and it mixes it with a dynamic video
style which is time-lapse videos where
it's like super fast and it's sped up
and it's very engaging my fifth idea for
an easy Instagram reel that you can
create in 5 minutes or less is a text
post real now often times when we think
of reals we think of video right we
think short form video we think a human
talking to the camera or lip syncing or
maybe like pointing at random text but
reals can just be a piece of text like a
plain old black background or blank
single solid color background with some
text on the screen screenshots of tweets
or even fake screenshots of tweets can
be used as reals if you're not on x/
Twitter you could also do a screenshot
of a thread I know I do that all the
time I post things on threads I take a
screenshot and then I delete it because
I know that I'm only using the text that
I just wrote to be a text post real on
Instagram you can even quickly and
easily create these in canva the awesome
thing about text post reels is not only
are they super easy to create they have
a very high watch time I know we talked
about watch time earlier but with a text
post reel the real itself might only be
playing for like three to maybe seven
seconds but it's going to take longer
than that for people to read all of the
text so maybe people are going to pause
the Reel maybe they're going to watch
The Reel multiple times while they are
reading the text that improves your
watch time thus improving in the
algorithm's eyes how good your real is
and then your real will be shown to more
people textt post reals are also awesome
because people can consume them at their
own pace when you're doing a talking
direct to camera style real everyone is
basically forced to consume at the rate
in which you are speaking but some
people are going to want to hear what
you said again or they're going to want
you to talk slower some people want you
to talk a little bit faster but when
they're reading they're able to read at
their own pace they're able to reread
sentences they're able to read faster or
skim they're able to read slower if they
really want to take in the information
and so text post reels can be a great
way to serve your audience and allow
them to consume your content at their
own pace while still creating a reel
that for you was super easy to make and
performs really really well something
that I often do to create these text
post reels is I just find reels that I
have previously posted where I was
talking directly to camera or reels that
I've previously posted that had a long
caption and then I will either take the
transcription of what I was saying in
the talking head video copy it and just
turn that into to a text post or I will
take my long caption copy that and turn
that into a text post that way I don't
have to create new content I don't have
to come up with a fresh new idea and
reinvent the wheel I can just take words
that I've already spoken in the case of
a direct a camera real or take words
that I've already written in the case of
a long caption copy it and paste it boom
turn it into a text post real it's very
very easy to create very easy uh to
share gets great engagement and speaking
of sharing this is another kind of re
that is highly sharew worthy it's
something that is oftentimes very easy
to send to a friend or post on an
Instagram story because it's taex so
like I said it's easy for people to
consume and thus it's highly sharew
worthy by your audience which just helps
you get even more views so far just to
recap we have turning your stories into
reals that should only take you maybe a
minute or two just basically the time it
takes to find the story number two meme
cutouts specifically using cap cut temp
templates that's another thing that
should only take you maybe a minute or
two to just find the actual template you
want to use and then boom insert your
photo and add some text idea number
three before and afters you likely
already have a lot of that content
already in your camera roll idea number
four timlapse videos that's something
that might take you a little bit more
time but hopefully it's a kind of
content that you can multitask with so
it's not dedicated time that you have to
just spend on creating content you can
spend it doing something else that you
actually need to do and have the content
taken care of in the background idea
number five which we just talked about
was these text post reels very very easy
to create especially if you're reusing
words that you have already said or
typed somewhere else and now idea number
six might be the most timec consuming of
all but like I've said all of these
ideas are really just five minutes or
less is a point of view style reel and
you can add your own voice over into the
background the cool thing about POV
reels is that yes you could be very
intentional and like record a whole day
in your life point of view style where
you're you know taking people through
your day and kind of filming every step
along the way or you could just find
videos that are already in your phone
that you've already naturally
organically taken throughout the last
few weeks or even months put those all
together in a sequence in a series in
your erer whichever app you choose to
edit with and then add your own voice
over in the background maybe you're
telling a story maybe you're talking
about some sort of Triumph that you've
had maybe you're telling something
that's more vulnerable maybe you're
inspiring maybe you're teaching or
sharing some sort of lesson you can use
all of these subsequent point of view
style clips and then share your own
point of view in the voiceover audio and
now just a moment ago I mentioned
editing or whichever editing app you
choose to use and that is a disclaimer
that I want to make is that you don't
have to edit in Instagram now if you
really enjoy editing in Instagram if
that's what's quickest and easiest for
you by all means go for it but your
posts will not be hurt if you edit
outside of Instagram that is a myth
complete myth that if you edit in iMovie
or cap cut or some other editing app and
then you post to Instagram the post will
do worse that is not true that has been
disproven many times in fact many times
Instagram themselves have even
recommended different editing apps that
they find is useful or they have let
creators come on some of their official
pages and talk about their favorite
editing apps so no you do not need to
use Instagram to edit your content you
can edit wherever you like number seven
last but not least easy reels that you
can create are what's called b-roll
reels now according to my recent polls
of my own audience b-roll reels are the
number one most common kind of reel that
people are posting and it makes sense
they're very easy to create because
you're essentially just using footage
that you already have in your phone
videos that you've already taken adding
a very simple audio into the background
and then adding some text on the screen
it's that that simple now simple doesn't
always necessarily mean easy right
because you still have to find the audio
that you're going to add you have to
figure out like what the real is going
to be about it's great that you already
have a video in your camera roll but
like what should the text say what
should the caption say that's why I
decided to create a free guide with 20
Boll real ideas we'll link that up down
in the show notes below again totally
free 20 ideas for your Instagram b-roll
reels b-roll is a term that comes from
TV and film and it essentially refers to
back in the day when movies and TV shows
were actually shot on roles of film and
the a roll was like the main footage it
was like you know both of the characters
talking to each other or if it was like
let's say a commercial it was the
spokesperson talking directly to the
camera that was the a roll the b roll
was kind of like the behind the scenes
footage if you will or it was the second
shot so if you've ever been watching a
TV show and there's one angle where like
the spokesperson the talking head
whatever they're talking directly to the
camera but then the camera cuts and
there's like a second angle coming from
the side and they're not making eye
contact you can tell they're still
making eye contact with the original
camera but there's like the second angle
that's b-roll b-roll can kind of just be
thought of as footage from your everyday
life footage as if it was like reality
TV that's a good way to think of b-roll
footage it's footage where you're not
making eye contact with the camera
that's really the biggest key you need
to remember with b roll so it's as if
there was just someone happened to be
there fil filming me someone happened to
be filming me during my workout someone
happened to be filming me making
breakfast someone happened to be filming
me recording this podcast that is b-roll
content and it's super easy to use with
like I mentioned earlier just a simple
background audio maybe even a trending
audio and then adding some text that
relates to your Niche adding some text
that maybe teaches or inspires or
educates your audience but again 20 free
b-roll ideas linked up in the show notes
below this episode I want to thank you
so much for listening today you are are
truly awesome make sure you subscribe so
you don't miss out on next week's
episode and as always happy networking
[Music]